Review object browser doc (#119)
halcyon-tech/docs: src/content/docs/browsers/object-browser.mdx

---

### Filter Options

The filter dialog has the following options:

| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| **Filter name** | The name shown in the browser. It must be unique. |
| **Filtering type** | The strategy used to match names and member text (**not** object types).<br/>`Simple`: a comma-separated list of multi-generic values, e.g. `*`, `Q*` or `*CL*SRC*`. A single `*`, `*ALL` or a blank value returns everything.<br/>`Regex`: a single regular expression. |
| **Libraries** | Filters the library names. |
| **Objects** | Filters the object names. |
| **Object types** | A comma delimited list of object types, e.g. `*ALL`, or `*PGM`, `*SRVPGM`. `*SRCPF` is a special type which returns only source files. |
| **Members** | Filters the source member names. |
| **Member type** | Filters the source member types, e.g. `RPGLE`, `SQLRPGLE`. |

> | **Member text** | Filters the source members on their **text description**. The match is case insensitive. Leave `*` (or `*ALL`) to list the members whatever their text is. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Member text** | Filters the source members on their **text description**. The match is case insensitive. Leave `*` (or `*ALL`) to list the members regardless of what their text is. |
```

> | **Member created from** | Only lists the source members created **on or after** this date. Leave blank to list the members whatever their creation date is. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Member created from** | Only lists the source members created **on or after** this date. Leave blank to list the members regardless of what their creation date is. |
```

> | **Member changed from** | Only lists the source members last changed **on or after** this date. Leave blank to list the members whatever their last change date is. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Member changed from** | Only lists the source members last changed **on or after** this date. Leave blank to list the members regardless of what their last change date is. |
```
